hi welcome back to another video we're
sat in a different
completely different spot today i don't
normally film in here
and today i'm going to be taking you
through my everyday
like glowy quick and easy makeup routine
this video has actually been
pretty highly requested so i'm just
gonna show you
what i do it is really quick and easy
and i've honestly done
the same makeup routine for a good few
years now like even on nights out i'll
literally just put on like some lashes
or make things a bit darker like a
smokey eye
run you through the products that i use
as well before we jump straight into it
if you could hit this video with a like
i really appreciate it and we'll just go
ahead at you
bare face i think my eyebrows are really
red nightmare because i've just
plucked away at some fluff i use this
lounge
underwear like gift box to store
everything it's super handy if you've
ever shopped there
and i always start with some primer i
just use this
the ordinary silicone primer it's really
good i did moisturize earlier on i feel
really strange actually doing this on
earth is so
not me so love that different color hand
to the face i have tanned
this just needs scrubbing off my tab i
just pop this
on all over
this really this really helps like if
i'm working out or anything
and like that my makeup tends to stick a
lot better
and i haven't found this has like broke
me out so much
once i've primed i actually always start
with my foundation it's so funny how
everyone does that quite differently
don't they like everyone's got their own
little
order and with a beauty blender this
desperately needs wetted
it's not a damp at all but um this is
just what i generally do today today
so i'm using this nars sheer glow in
shade
barcelona this is like my holy grail
foundation i've used this for years
and it gets on really well with my skin
i have like
the most acne prone as you can tell i
have quite a lot of like
spots and scars on my cheeks the acne
prone skins i've got to be so careful
like what i put
on but i find this foundation it's quite
it's like a really nice glowy
and then i always make sure i go down
like down my neck for
such a long length of time i never used
to do that so i used to be that girl
like when i was
a lot younger in school and stuff like
you know that white line like underneath
the chin
that was me i like to put quite a bit on
my lips as well because i find that
easier when you're going over like with
a liner
i go in with my concealer i haven't been
sleeping well this week so i definitely
need this right now this is in
shade custard just a radiant creamy
concealer
and i only put this on underneath my
eyes like i can't really put it in
anywhere in my t-zone
and it just brings me out in loads of
spots i'm using
my contour stick and i'll just put this
on my cheeks i literally do
this makeup only takes like 20 minutes
every day so
it's really time efficient i like to
leave
my concealer and like the contour bits
just on
whilst i do the next part of my makeup i
just think it tends to like stick a
little bit a little bit better so i'm
doing
my brows 24 hour brow setup by benefit
and the precisely brow pencil
i much prefer like um a darker brow like
i find that just shapes
my face a lot better than like a lighter
brow if you like um i still haven't had
like a combo though you know like brow
wise that i really really like
i'm just gonna fluff my browser
first off i think you could do this like
either order some people
i guess would do it afterwards but yeah
oh is anyone else just like
desperately waiting for their eyebrows
doing my hair doing everything i feel
like
hagrid i'm not feeling great this week
like just
everything needs doing and i really miss
my nails
like having acrylic nails this is the
longest i've gone since i was about 14
years old with my stubby fingers out and
i bite my nails so badly
so i can't wait for them to open up
but how's everyone else coping like what
are you missing most as well this is
like a clear one
i don't usually like it you know some of
the brow
setters have got like a tint in them i
don't really like that it just goes a
bit gray on my brows just like a little
brow
pencil i must admit that my makeup does
seem to turn out like different
every time i do it i just hope today is
a good day so i just do like little
strokes
at the beginning of my brow oh god if
this is only mua's watching this thing
that's
probably laughing that's about it really
just fill in any little gaps
and make my brows a little bit longer so
next i'm doing my lips this is obviously
the strangest order ever like i just
quite like doing my lips early on for
some reason i'm using
mac in i think it's stripped down this
is definitely like
up there as my number one i've used this
for like over two years maybe or
something
it goes so well just like a lighter
lipstick i really like to
like over line my lips as well
so yes that is the lip liner i already
feel so much better looking at myself in
that camera with a bit of lipstick on
and then i'm using
honey love which is like a matte
lipstick desperate i need to order i've
just reminded myself i need to get some
more of that
this is like my go-to lip combo i get
quite a few questions
on this and in pretty much all my videos
this is my little combo
whenever i find like you know a little
bit of makeup that i really like i just
stick to them
for years that is very much for me that
i've had the same makeup routine for
quite a while there's that saying
i don't think it's what's broken what's
not broken this is a rimmel one it's
called all-nighter it's like a little
like pinky kind of gloss
it's so so good and it's lasted quite a
while as well
i'm just going to start blending out my
concealer
whenever i do the like darker bits i
just swap it over
and then just go like that
so that's pretty much blended it so then
next up is my
powder i don't actually like to go too
crazy because i prefer
my like finish to be united quite dewy
and glowy and sometimes
i don't know if it's my skin but if i
put too much powder on it just goes
really dull i really like this laura
mercier translucent powder it's been
around for years hasn't it
used to sort of set my face but i don't
do that as much i just use a little bit
and then pop that underneath and just go
around i can't see what i'm doing
i have had such nightmares with using
powder in the past like
i used a nyx think it was photo finish
one time and oh my god like i think i
was
on holiday or something but um i
remember taking pictures
the glow off my face like i don't know
if anyone else has had this in a photo
do you let me know if you have but um in
the photos like there were just these
white bits like right underneath my eye
it was so embarrassing but it's insane
i've been really conscious to like
always make sure i've got my powder off
and then i'm just doing some bronzer i
absolutely love this one it's just like
a radiance
brick and again i just go over like
wherever i've contoured and a bit
on top of my forehead a bit on my nose
some of the glow vibes
something that is new i haven't been
using this for long oh i got this just
anastasia
soft glam palette i love all the colors
i'll just show you it these are all like
the colors
that i use in a daily before this one i
was mainly using like a morphe one
using this burnt orange but it's quite
like a nice
glowy palette
so yeah just go in with that that's just
like a little soft base
and then i'm just gonna go in with
rustic
this palette is really pigmented look at
me have all the
makeup turns maybe i should suck off
fitness yeah just go in the corner and
then like run that round
my crease yeah i literally just do a
little bit in
the corners and then i just take my
finger and i'm really liking
these two like little shimmery color i
just think this makes it like just tie
your whole face together
i'm gonna take some dark brown like
liner and just go underneath
my eye i've been quite liking doing this
i haven't like
done my makeup properly in a good few
days and then you put on your makeup and
you're literally like looking at
yourself like who's this
and then i just take a smaller brush and
just run
through a little bit of the like the
darker brown the rustic
i use the mascara i'm using is this
roller lash by benefit this is really
really good
i was thinking actually this week my
eyelashes only just recovered
from getting individual lashes i think i
did that for a year but my goal my
lashes were so
damaged right i'm just i'm not gonna be
able to talk and do this
so that is literally my everyday makeup
look i
do the same thing over and over and even
from now it's out like i'll just either
put like lashes on or
just make my eyes a bit darker or a bit
smoky but yeah i am such a girly girl as
well as like being into fitness and
stuff like that
so do let me know if you would like to
see more like beauty or
um i don't know like videos like that in
terms of like working out i hope
i really hope you enjoyed this video
something a little bit different
if you haven't already i would love you
to stick around and subscribe
and i'll see you in the next video